Comments formatting UI (#2076)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/api-reference/liveblocks-react-ui.mdx

  <PropertiesListItem name="defaultValue" type="CommentBody">
    The composer’s initial value.
  </PropertiesListItem>
  <PropertiesListItem name="defaultAttachments" type="CommentAttachment[]">

>     The composer's initial attachments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The composer’s initial attachments.
```

>   </PropertiesListItem>

Author: There were a few unlisted props that should be documented so I added them while I was there.

  <PropertiesListItem name="showReactions" type="boolean" defaultValue="true">
    Whether to show reactions.
  </PropertiesListItem>
  <PropertiesListItem name="showAttachments" type="boolean" defaultValue="true">
    Whether to show attachments.
  </PropertiesListItem>
  <PropertiesListItem
    name="showComposerFormattingControls"
    type="boolean"
    defaultValue="true"
  >

>     Whether to show the composer's formatting controls when editing the comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Whether to show the composer‘s formatting controls when editing the comment.
```

  <PropertiesListItem name="blur" type="function" detailedType="() => void">
    Blur the editor programmatically.
  </PropertiesListItem>
  <PropertiesListItem name="marks" type="ComposerBodyMarks">

>     Which text marks are currently active and which aren't.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Which text marks are currently active and which aren‘t.
```
